info/money-making.md, before:

---
title: Making Money
description: Guide for new players on how to start making money
order: 2
---
## Making Money
In order to contribute to, upkeep, or create a town, players must earn money. There are three main ways a player can do this: jobs, voting and trading. You can check your current balance with `/bal`. Upon joining for the first time players start with 5,000 Gold.

### Jobs
The bulk of jobs information is at Spawn, but you are able to use `/jobs browse` to have a quick look at them and to join them too! Depending on what job you choose, you are able to earn money by brewing, chopping wood, fishing, farming, digging, mining, and fighting mobs or players. The job you choose is not final- if you wish to switch jobs use `/jobs leave [Job]`, then you are able to join a different job. Leaving a job will cost you 15% of your experience towards a levelup, however, max level jobs will not lose experience on leaving. You can check your current job stats with `/jobs stats` and info about it with `/jobs stats`. To be able to work more than one job at a time you need to purchase the in-game perk at `/perks`.

### Voting
Voting is a great way to gain money and experience. Once a day, use `/vote` and then you can vote on each site. You earn a Vote Key from each website, and these keys let you access the Vote Crate at Spawn, where you can redeem the keys for prizes! Voting is an amazing way to help grow the server too, so make sure to vote every day so we can reach more and more people.

### Market Place
To put items up for sale, use `/mp` to access the Market Place. Here you can see items that are currently up for sale and for how much. This is a good way to get an understanding of pricing and what items are in demand. When you are ready to sell just hold the item in your hand and do `/mp sell [Price] [Amount]`.

Commit message:

money-making.md-hotfix
Added a comment on where to claim money from items sold.

info/money-making.md, after:

---
title: Making Money
description: Guide for new players on how to start making money
order: 2
---
## Making Money
In order to contribute to, upkeep, or create a town, players must earn money. There are three main ways a player can do this: jobs, voting and trading. You can check your current balance with `/bal`. Upon joining for the first time players start with 5,000 Gold.

### Jobs
The bulk of jobs information is at Spawn, but you are able to use `/jobs browse` to have a quick look at them and to join them too! Depending on what job you choose, you are able to earn money by brewing, chopping wood, fishing, farming, digging, mining, and fighting mobs or players. The job you choose is not final- if you wish to switch jobs use `/jobs leave [Job]`, then you are able to join a different job. Leaving a job will cost you 15% of your experience towards a levelup, however, max level jobs will not lose experience on leaving. You can check your current job stats with `/jobs stats` and info about it with `/jobs stats`. To be able to work more than one job at a time you need to purchase the in-game perk at `/perks`.

### Voting
Voting is a great way to gain money and experience. Once a day, use `/vote` and then you can vote on each site. You earn a Vote Key from each website, and these keys let you access the Vote Crate at Spawn, where you can redeem the keys for prizes! Voting is an amazing way to help grow the server too, so make sure to vote every day so we can reach more and more people.

### Market Place
To put items up for sale, use `/mp` to access the Market Place. Here you can see items that are currently up for sale and for how much. This is a good way to get an understanding of pricing and what items are in demand. When you are ready to sell just hold the item in your hand and do `/mp sell [Price] [Amount]`. To claim your money go to `/mp my` and click the Golden Apple.
